after
well that each and all of these
injustice I hope you are well
that you have the flanders
nickel today we find ourselves for
a new video that we could see
in the title is the list the list
rather trophies or successes you
can unlock in the second
episode of two extinctions so
the episode mayday actually these
trophies were unveiled a few years ago
hours so today I'm doing you
part of this little list of trophies
I hope this little video you
please I just have to specify another
little thing is I'm going to say
often too much son the former ps3 player
so I usually say to say
trophy said well in I will put you
the link from my source to descriptions
so without further ado we start with
the first extinction trophy so
but to reach the freighter regardless of the
difficulty so in first medea
trophy which is obviously obvious the
simpler then the next to reach
the top of the boat in May and full
bears the difficulty so this service
to be the simple then on turns into
medea then kill the kraken for the
first time in the episode help me
no matter how difficult I do not know
how you kraken it I have none
idea
then the next one so kill the
kraken using a relic of made
and no matter the hassle and so has he
are two different ways in
you who tells us to kill him once and the
kill with a relic
so here is to complete my ideas
so succeed all the challenges of medea
no matter how difficult then
am seeker find all the
information in medea because
reflection will be able to look for small
folders in this game mode of the little ones
small information of small
files
I do not know exactly how it works
but we'll see all this when the dlc will be
then released the following deforestation
killed 15 sidr and yes the six hours that
are the new ones the new ones a little
little scorpion sorts the new ones
and new eliane who will you have 15.6
of gold in one part in medea little
does not matter the difficulty then use
an iep our app so for their
hymn to the seniors a rhinoceros of
come with you then the hypnos and
finally the knives it seems to me that you
throw on the lines for it to be
with you so that's a challenge the
throw on the rhinoceros
then then complete it all
extras the eagles the extras so I
do not know exactly what it is in the
dlc devastation so it does not look
just extinction it seems to be finally
its just value to relate to
the extinction pay of concern
also of multiplayer saw that wade is
little easter egg surely among others
the one we could have so on a
earth aid losc we unlock the v9x so
we will have to unlock all the easter
egg and finally the architect
build a cowardly and matic to help me
no matter how difficult
so here it was the presentation of
all these trophies pretty much a little
ten trophies
it's really or pretty short video
just to show you the trophies
I hope that you will have more to us
give indications on a little bit
how is it going to look like fashion and I
think it might be a way of
much more complete game gets set d and
I can not wait to see what's going
give obviously to try it so
I listen to them I hope this
little video you more is the case
little green thumb as I say to
the usual tell me in comment what
you think you subscribe if it is
not already done obviously go see
the source for all who would be
still a little skeptical after
this video it will be time description
I tell you Baribeau a day
good late afternoon still good end
morning it was a jack 6 and we
find for a next video with
youtube everyone